Add `skip_build` and `use_vue_cli` options (#19)
samuelmeuli/action-electron-builder: README.md

- `package_root`: Directory where NPM/Yarn commands should be run (default: `"."`)
- `build_script_name`: Name of the optional NPM build script which is executed before `electron-builder` (default: `"build"`)

> - `use_vue_cli`: Whether to use syntax for the [Vue Cli electron builder plugin](https://nklayman.github.io/vue-cli-plugin-electron-builder/) instead of regular electron builder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `use_vue_cli`: Whether to run `electron-builder` using the [Vue CLI plugin](https://nklayman.github.io/vue-cli-plugin-electron-builder) instead of calling the command directly
```
